step into my office linus take a look at
my wares yeah i'm pretty sure i'm the
one who paid for them okay
so here's what happened
we were gonna review the microsoft
surface headphones because we were
intrigued microsoft wait a second you
didn't even pay for these they sent them
to us okay these ones yes
i paid for other ones and these well i
paid for these yes which hurt as much as
paying for all the other ones combined
yes okay so basically what happened was
we were gonna review these and microsoft
sent us a review sample
two three weeks after everyone else's
reviews were already up and we were like
okay we need a new angle so we're gonna
turn it into
a four-way round-up
of the premium noise-canceling over-ear
headphones on the market this time
not failing to include sony's offering
the
wh-1000x m3s
so james has prepared sort of a a blind
taste test of sorts i guess
you only need your ears though
if you were blind wouldn't matter
no it wouldn't and you know what else
wouldn't matter
if you guys listened to this message
from our sponsor honey honey actually
that would matter a lot honey helps you
save money when you're shopping online
and it's free just download their
browser extension at the link in the
video description and start saving money
on popular websites like amazon you
might have heard of them
[Music]
i want to unbox these ones no you have
okay so each of us will start with one
of the sort of well-established players
okay well i mean i guess arguably this
is well established but maybe not with
our audience so much so i've got the
sony wh 1000x m3s and i have the bose
quietcomfort 35 version twos google
assistant these are similar but yours is
kind of nicer i like this this has got
like kind of a crush resistant uh that
presses quite a bit yeah this divider
actually serves a couple of purposes you
have one of these though
uh yeah actually
oh and you can see
you can actually see what's in yours
sony's done a good job of their case
here so it holds your you got your air
airplane adapter yeah mine are just
sitting in there you've got your three
and a half millimeter jack in case
you're a caveman and your phone still
has one of those on it you've got i
don't like how short this cable is but
check this out
usb type-c charging on the sony love
that everything usb type-c all the
things please
it's all it's equally short
but it's also
microphone
okay let's do let's open up the beats on
this and the surface
i'm expecting this to be like the
greatest unboxing experience of all time
because
from what i've heard about the
headphones themselves it better be the
greatest unboxing experience of all time
i've got it upside down i got this
i'm expecting steam to come out nope
change the way you hear sound
to make these headphones
sound better
okay i'm being a jerk i'm being a jerk i
actually haven't tried headphones in a
long time in fairness it's pretty
robust feeling it doesn't have like an
actual reinforcement
no it's not low profile you can actually
see like compared to the sony it is
quite a lot thicker and same goes
actually for everyone everyone else well
these guys went with the wider flatter
do these even fold though they don't
fold what they don't fold what
uh okay so i just get this cable okay so
three and a half mil and i just what
throw it in there three and a half mil
oh
but
i do get a nice long charging cable
micro b
usbc
nice
and then i get a carabiner
industrial design wise i would say these
are like the dad hat of headphones
what
dad hat he doesn't understand the dad
hats are in
i mean i just mean they're not that
flashy or modern they're kind of the
standard they still look great matt
black is always a good idea
and honestly you're no more dad hat than
these yeah i am those are smoother one
thing that stands out about these to me
is you hear that that's brutal
[Music]
nice swiveling ear cups though and same
here one thing they've done well is look
how deep the cushioning on the top bar
is squeeze mine
yeah
actually not i'm not impressed with that
said but everyone knows bows are
comfortable over long periods yes they
are and part of it is that they they
grip the side of your head a little bit
more i feel like these are relying a
little more on the top headband
than the qc35s do i think it is just the
way these seal around your ear you kind
of grab onto your head but it's not
uncomfortable they've basically got it
perfect all right all right this is what
i'm really curious about though because
i've tried those i've encountered these
before
these are heavier
did you see that there was almost no
padding on the headband that click
that's satisfying they nailed that these
don't fold at all oh a nice headband
though basic ratchet no swivel yeah i
fee do the ear cups do a bit right not
much not really yeah barely when you
take them off you want them to go on
your shoulders level and stuff like that
oh
you seem like the kind of person who
actually used to wear over-the-ear
headphones in public
these don't go as big as the other ones
either see they didn't get the they
didn't get the cuppage for us right i
feel like those aren't really even over
ear they're like somewhere between on
your and over ear my ears touch the
drivers
and it's like just a hard plastic that's
a real bummer and that over time that
can be uncomfortable
really nice foam on the ear cups though
although i don't know if it's quite as
nice as the sony's
sony's have just like this spectacular
memory foam on here i'd be more
comfortable the office with those than
on the bus if you're trying to get laid
this is these are what you need
headband a little bit on the skinny and
not padded enough side for me but i
think they've done a better job of the
clamping pressure oh we haven't tried
any headbang tests
give me like a
oh those are done already
not bad they hold pretty well give me
these though
okay that's
both clear victory
okay sony won
i would i'd say bose i'd say both two uh
tie for third then because i don't think
either of them really stands out to me
so the second ranking is feel and
comfort and we're going sony bows in
first
then surface
then beats
and then for the head bang test
clear ass victory
um
everyone else loser tied for
i'm calling all the others a fail so we
can go with that if you want whatever so
right now what we're testing is
interacting okay so play pause skip go
back
turn the volume up and down okay so i
actually have buttons on the bose up and
down for volume and then you double
click this to go forward triple click it
to go back single click for play and
pause what's new is this button
which would it's called the action
button you can toggle between noise
cancelling on noise canceling off or you
can use it to activate the google
assistant so one tap will the google
assistant will tell you your
notifications and stuff and if you hold
it down you're going to summon the
assistant and then you can talk cool
as far wait wait wait wait there's one
more thing
only the bose have this and i actually
think it's huge an actual toggle for on
so my navigation is all handled via
touch then
okay so that's volume is it beeping when
you do it i can't hear you volume down
volume down volume down volume jump does
it go
yes it does how do you feel
i actually don't mind it
now there is a physical button back here
that i just found so that would be for
my assistant try a double
there it is
okay so with that button you found at
the back it's the same deal as with the
bose where
if you don't hook up the google
assistant that's your button for turning
on noise canceling and then ambient and
then off it toggles through them but if
you do hook up the google assistant you
lose that and you use it to hail the
assistant so then you have to use your
app on your phone to turn on the ambient
and all that stuff i don't prefer it and
i'd rather have a physical button
personally
i tend to agree these i want to try the
beats
so this is not capacitive these have
buttons
so you only get the one button so press
once to start and stop
twice i'm assuming next track
it feels really cheap
that was what i noticed too it's nice
having a physical button but that it's
like the sound of it as you're pressing
you hear it and the feel of it is awful
the feel of it is really cheap another
one thing you can do though allegedly is
if you double click and hold you'll fast
forward if you triple click and hold
you'll go back but i couldn't get it to
work on my android phone maybe it works
with the iphone or something i think so
can you even do volume up and down on
this here's the beach logo there's an
outer ring
oh there we go
but then you can't use the side right
yeah no the sides don't do anything
that's so weird that's the thing that's
always bothered me about beets why have
such a cheap button the thing is that
apple
is literally in my mind anyway the king
of haptic feedback
these are how much
350 they're all 350.
okay can i try the surfaces no man i'm
trying the surfaces these i think in my
opinion are the undisputed interface
kings check this out the volume is a
knob
nice it's it's really smooth to turn and
then on this side you turn it one way
for turning up the noise cancellation
and you turn it the other way and it
turns up the ambient noise oh
so totally i don't have to go into the
app like all the other ones you have to
go into the app and set that they also
have capacitive ear cups for the pausing
and seeking but it's both ear cups so
you can just use either and there's also
a mute button on here i do like this
that's nice eh it feels good
so interface clear winner for me
for the interface yeah
oh we should mention these also have uh
google assistant and cortana and alexa
integration yeah cortana there's a
separate app you can get cortana's dead
now though you heard about that right
yeah microsoft admits cortana's an also
ran yeah that's rough that's rough i'm
willing to say i personally i'd give the
edge to bose just because i don't like
touch interfaces as much but i'm willing
to say tie here because it comes down to
personal preference with the cable that
comes with it
oops
oh an inline remote inline controls i
mean do you disagree would you put this
above any of the other three hell no no
no no no all right this is the airplane
sound
okay not bad
first impressions wow big difference
[Music]
and that my friends is why bose has so
much respect when it comes to noise
cancellation with that said i'd say the
sony cancellation is damn near as good
but i don't feel the same pressure on my
ears with bows they've done such a great
job of tuning that my face is like this
because i just heard the music you were
playing
i love my little pony's music
definitely weaker
i don't think these are even working
yeah those are that's on yeah that's
that's on this is just a much less
aggressive algorithm that they're using
so
they're leaving in some of the higher
pitch of the airplane and they're only
taking out the low rumble but that's
also why you're not getting that same
pressure on the ears that you get from
the sony i'd say they're the worst in
that regard out of the bunch
i don't know i think i kind of like the
sony i think even pressure wise i might
prefer this
just to totally confuse everybody okay
wait we can do there's one more test
sure variable high frequency noises like
your worst nightmare
i can really hear them fighting it
so in terms of loudness i'd say this is
about like having the baby about two
rows away sony does less to the tonality
of the baby cry but probably blocks as
much of the raw noise i think the baby
gets more annoying with the surface
headphones
these are just terrible
the noise translation on these is not
great are they even on yes they're on
if you have to ask that's not a good
sign really oh yeah it's on it just
sucks
that's another clear win for both both
and sony in my mind yeah agreed and a
clear loss for honestly these weren't
great either
clear loser
clear also loses third it's
well close to third so yeah let's do
let's do a quick listen okay we should
listen to the same song though you give
me one of your songs i'm i'm down i'm
down
it's pretty crunchy
not bad i find the base a little bit
more natural sounding on these oh yeah
they're they do have a different
signature but a little smoother i would
say they're pretty similar me too okay
[Music]
withhold
i find both of these lacking distinctly
in completely different ways
i find vocals don't really come through
very clearly on these
no base no ironically
you would think that these had would
have the most overstated base but it's
not even like muddy and overpowered it's
just there's just really nothing there
um these ones i felt i detected a little
bit of distortion i couldn't put my
finger on it um they were clearly not as
good as either the sonys or the bows but
i
preferred them to the beats i felt that
these had a wider sound stage
these are a little narrower a little
tinier but to be clear i think for a lot
of people any one of these will be good
enough i agree with that
i mean given that most people are fine
with like earpods
like truly the ones that just come with
your phone yes
i don't think anyone's gonna pick up one
of these for a few hundred dollars and
say
oh well the sound quality simply i mean
you're buying them because they're
wireless you're buying them because
they're noise cancelling and you're
buying them because of the interface or
or the assistant or whatever other
features it is that you care about which
is why i think honestly when it comes
time for the conclusion here
it's so much more complicated than just
like which one sounds the best and is
the most comfortable because there's a
lot to these
so why don't you do your rankings first
overall overall well i mean sound i
think we've got a pretty clear hierarchy
don't we once again these two are
clearly the best if you're a more
discerning listener i'd go for either of
these
then these
then these okay you know i'll let you go
first for the overall overall the
overall time for overall it's time for
the overall overall my overall ranking
the bose number two the sony number
three and i really like this interface
but overall number three these these are
good i would still buy these the noise
cancelling sucks
true okay go ahead i'll let you finish
good enough for an office good enough
for an office they also don't fold so on
the go for a plane definitely get these
don't buy these ever
okay
so i'm gonna go ahead and i'm gonna say
i'm not even gonna rank these two
so then between these two
i mean it really it comes down to
physical buttons versus touch interface
but then usb type c oh yeah and the fast
charging sony
there it is you did it sony you did it
don't even bother
sony or if you don't like the sony get
the bose but i just i wouldn't even
if you can if they're beside each other
at best buy try them both yeah try them
both do your research pulseway is a
real-time remote monitoring and
management software that you can use to
manage and monitor from one app your
windows mac and linux computers you can
get access to real-time status updates
system resources logged in users network
performance windows updates and more and
you can even take remote control and fix
problems on the go by sending commands
from any mobile device it even allows
you to create and deploy custom scripts
so you can automate your it tasks try it
out for free at pulseway.com we're going
to have that linked below
so thanks for watching guys if you
disliked this video you can hit that
button this was kind of a new format for
us though so if you liked it hit the
like button let us know you like it um
get subscribed don't forget to check out
the stuff that we featured at the links
in the video description uh while you're
down there you can check out our merch
store which has cool shirts like this
one and our community forum which can
you buy any of these either of these i
don't think you can buy this hoodie i
don't know i don't think you can buy
that uh
you can oh no you can't buy this for
sure
hit us up in the comments if you want to
be able to buy this dennis shirt